# CS-340
Client/Server Development

# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
To create code that is readable, it is important to use variables that give a brief understanding of what they do. In addition, it is important to include good commenting for easy reference on the programmers thought process when reviewing/maintaining/adapting. If we take the CRUD Python module as an example, each method name represents what that function does (create, read, update, and delete). The advantages of creating a separate Python module is that it allowed me to reuse it for many different assignments with very little editing. 

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
In many cases that I ran into a problem, I was able to go back and reference the reading and/or talk with my professor/other students in the general discussion board. The Grazioso Salvare project differed from previous classes by having a python module created and already ready to use. If I had another project like this in the future, I would definitely consider the pros and cons of creating something similar. 

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
A computer scientist uses technology to solve problems. This is done by making the users life easier and less time consuming tasks (similar to Grazioso Salvare), users entertainment, and more. A project like this would allow Grazioso Salvare to find good dog applicants for their rescue service quickly. In addition, it gives them a visual chart to reference when making decisions. 
